If you want a more complete raw text file, an alternative one has been provided named "alt_raw.txt"

I will also include an alt_list.txt file in the future.

Replace the contents of this file with whatever text you want the 
more quality clean text you add here, the more words will be added 
to the dictionary when you run the python files provided


If you are new to stenography:

A stroke is a group of keyboard keys that are pressed simultaneously 
to produce output. As soon as all keys on the keyboard are released, 
the steno machine sends out that entire chord of key presses as a stroke.
Plover converts that input into English words and phrases on the 
screen, by using dictionaries.
The dictionaries map a stroke (or a combination of strokes) to 
an English word or phrase, number, punctuation symbol, emoji, 
software command, or a meta command for controlling spacing and capitalization.
Every stenographer creates their own customized dictionary to 
supplement or amend the default dictionary that comes with a steno 
application, such as Plover. By default, you add your customizations 
to the user.json dictionary that comes with Plover.

A steno machine, stenotype machine, shorthand machine, stenograph or steno writer is a 
specialized chorded keyboard or typewriter used by stenographers for shorthand use. In 
order to pass the United States Registered Professional Reporter test, a trained court 
reporter or closed captioner must write speeds of approximately 180, 200, and 225 words 
per minute (wpm) at very high accuracy in the categories of literary, jury charge, and 
testimony, respectively.[1] Some stenographers can reach 300 words per minute. The website 
of the California Official Court Reporters Association (COCRA) gives the official record 
for American English as 375 wpm.[2]

Demonstration 
The stenotype keyboard has far fewer keys than a conventional alphanumeric keyboard. 
Multiple keys are pressed simultaneously (known as "chording" or "stroking") to spell 
out whole syllables, words, and phrases with a single hand motion. This system makes 
realtime transcription practical for court reporting and live closed captioning. Because 
the keyboard does not contain all the letters of the English alphabet, letter combinations 
are substituted for the missing letters. There are several schools of thought on how to 
record various sounds, such as the StenEd, Phoenix, and Magnum Steno theories.
